# Calculate-changes-with-limited-coin-selection
This question had appeared in my midterm exam for 'Programming for Business analysis' 

Question 2 (50 points for q2.py) Write a program to calculate changes with limited coin selections  because you only have one quarter coin here. Please see the examples  at the end if the following tasks are not clear enough.  1) (20 points) Ask a user to enter a dollar amount between 0.21  and 0.99. The prompt is “Please input a dollar amount between  0.21 and 0.99: ”. If the input is out of range, the program  displays an error message “The input must be between 0.21 and  0.99.” and ask the user to input a value again. You should use a  loop here. 2) (30 points) Then treat the input value as a change. However, you  only have one quarter (25 cents). You have more than enough  other coins: dimes (10 cents), nickels (5 cents) and pennies (1  cent). Display how many fewest numbers of coins in the change.  Your print output must match the example output because it’s  part of the exam requirement.  Tips:  - You may want to use f-string for the print output format. - You may want to covert the float point into integer (from dollar  to cents) for easy calculation. Following is another example for an input of 0.20 and 0.27: Please enter your dollar amount between 0.21 and 0.99: 0.20 The input must be between 0.21 and 0.99. Please enter your dollar amount between 0.21 and 0.99: 0.27 Your change is: 1 quarter, 0 dimes, 0 nickels, and 2 pennies. Following is another example for an input of 0.53: Please enter your dollar amount between 0.01 and 0.99: 0.53 Your change is: 1 quarter, 2 dimes, 1 nickels, and 3 pennies.  Following is another example for an input of 0.97: Please enter a dollar amount between 0.21 and 0.99: 0.97 Your change is: 1 quarter, 7 dimes, 0 nickels, and 2 pennies. 
